Update codebase (#3)
TeamupCom/webhook-utils-php: README.md

# Teamup Webhook SDK

This library provides some auxiliary code to receive, validate and
process the data sent by Teamup in a webhook call.
You can also check our [API Docs](https://apidocs.teamup.com/) for more details related to
the API and Webhook itself.

## Requirements

To create a webhook in your Teamup calendar, start by visiting the calendar page:
``Settings`` > ``Integrations`` > ``Webhooks`` which lists all available webhooks
in the current calendar.

Use the `+ New` button to create a new webhook, and fill in the relevant information.
The `Endpoint` requries a web-accessible URL, where Teamup will send the webhook payloads
by using a `POST` request.

After the webhook configuration is saved, a Secret value will be provided in the webhook settings.
The secret is used to sign webhook requests.

> This enables you to verify that a request to the specified webhook URL is really from Teamup.

Reviewer: Technically we are not signing the request but generate a salted hash which is far less secure than we perhaps think. 

As the "secret" as well as the hashing algorithm need to be known to the verifier it is easy for someone getting hold of the shared secret to create payloads with a valid hash...

This therefore does not allow the user to verify that the request comes from teamup. The only thing they can know is that the request was hashed with the same information that teamup has.

That might be a slight but not irrelevant detail.

Author: Thanks for the heads-up @heiglandreas.

I would rephrase that paragraph as:

```suggestion
The secret is used as a shared key to compute a keyed-hash (or [HMAC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMAC))
of the  webhook request's contents.
This enables you to validate the data-integrity and authenticate that the webhook was sent by Teamup.
```

What do you think?

Reviewer: I'd even remove the "authenticate that the webhook was sent by teamup" as we  actually can'T ensure that. Imagine some let-go ex-admin that wants to annoy people and they set up a system that sends webhooks from their own machine. As they had access to the shared secret they can use that easily...

Chances are slim but we can't to 100% say that only teamup can sign messages with that secret... 😕

Reviewer: But your rephrased version is already better than the previous one, so fine with me 😁

Author: ```suggestion
The secret is used as a shared key to compute a keyed-hash (or [HMAC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMAC))
of the  webhook request's contents..
```
